refactor!: new state var traits + Owned (#18721)
AztecProtocol/aztec-packages: docs/docs/developers/docs/resources/migration_notes.md

```

`PrivateImmutable`, `PrivateMutable` and `PrivateSet` got modified to directly contain the owner instead of implicitly "containing it" by including it in the storage slot via a `Map`.

> These state variable now implement a newly introduced `OwnedStateVariable` trait (see docs of `OwnedStateVariable` for explanation of what it is).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These state variables now implement a newly introduced `OwnedStateVariable` trait (see docs of `OwnedStateVariable` for explanation of what it is).
```

> This changes makes the state variables incompatible with `Map` and now instead these should be wrapped in new `Owned` state variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These changes make the state variables incompatible with `Map` and now instead these should be wrapped in new `Owned` state variable:
```

```diff
#[storage]
struct Storage<Context> {
-    private_nfts: Map<AztecAddress, PrivateSet<NFTNote, Context>, Context>,

> +    private_nfts: Owned<PrivateSet<NFTNote, Context>, Context>,

Reviewer: cool!

}
```

> If you used your state variable with a `Map` that had `AztecAddress` type as key then the usage is unchanged:

Reviewer: I find it difficult to parse this sentence, suggestion:

```suggestion
Note that even though the types of your state variables are changing from `Map<AztecAddress, T, Context>` to `Owned<T, Context>`, usage remains unchanged:
```

```
let nft_notes = self.storage.private_nfts.at(from).pop_notes(NoteGetterOptions::new().select(NFTNote::properties().token_id, Comparator.EQ, token_id).set_limit(1));
```

With this change the underlying notes will inherit the storage slot of the `Owned` state variable.

> This is unlike in `Map` where the nested state variable got the storage slot computed as `hash([map_storage_slot, key])`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is unlike `Map` where the nested state variable got the storage slot computed as `hash([map_storage_slot, key])`.
```
